Clarify stream documentation (#17506)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/stream.markdown

ha_domain: stream
---

> The `stream` integration provides a way to proxy live streams through Home Assistant as an internal component used by the [`camera`](/integrations/camera) integration. The integration currently only supports proxying H.264 source streams to the HLS format and requires at least FFmpeg >= 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `stream` integration provides a way to proxy live streams through Home Assistant as an internal component used by the [`camera`](/integrations/camera) integration. The integration currently supports proxying H.264 and H.265 source streams to the HLS protocol and requires at least FFmpeg >= 4. Note that H.265 support is limited to Safari, iOS, and Android.
The `stream` integration also provides limited support for audio. PCM codecs (e.g. G.711/G.723/G.726/G.729) are not supported. ADTS AAC audio is also currently not supported. Most other AAC and MP3 encoded audio should work.
```

Reviewer 2: Honestly, all these terms should be removed from the introduction text.
Please note, that we are getting more and more users with less technical knowledge towards our platform. Throwing in a bunch of codecs isn't going to help.

It is fine to add some clarity later on, but let us keep it out of the first paragraph.

Reviewer: Sure, we can move the whole section down then. But by what you are saying, even the existing intro might be a bit too much as it mentions proxying, H.264, and the ffmpeg version requirement.
Maybe it should just read something like
"The `stream` integration is an internal component used by `camera` entities to provide video streams."

## Configuration

> To enable this component, add the following lines to your `configuration.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `stream` component is automatically loaded by `default_config` and enabled by the `camera` platforms that support it. If `default config` is used, no separate `configuration.yaml` entry is necessary. If `default_config` is not used, the `stream` component can be activated with the entry below:
```

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry. There are no additional options.
stream:
```

> ## Streaming in Lovelace
> 
> As of Home Assistant version 0.92 you can now live-stream a camera feed directly in lovelace.

Reviewer 2: Let's remove this; We don't document version history, Lovelace is spelled wrong and... well it can quickly raise a response: "Oh nice! How?".

```suggestion
```

ha_domain: stream
---

> The `stream` integration provides a way to proxy live streams through Home Assistant. Most users should not need configure anything or interface with the component directly since it is an internal component used by the [`camera`](/integrations/camera) integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `stream` integration provides a way to proxy live streams through Home Assistant. Most users should not need to configure anything or interface with the component directly since it is an internal component used by the [`camera`](/integrations/camera) integration.
```

> The `stream` integration provides a way to proxy live streams through Home Assistant. Most users should not need to configure anything or interface with the component directly since it is an internal component used by the [`camera`](/integrations/camera) integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The stream integration provides a way to proxy live streams through Home Assistant. Most users should not need to configure anything or interface with the component directly since it is an internal component used by the [camera integration](/integrations/camera).
```

## Configuration

> The `stream` component is automatically loaded by `default_config` and enabled by the `camera` platforms that support it. If `default config` is used, no separate `configuration.yaml` entry is necessary. If `default_config` is not used, the `stream` component can be activated with the entry below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `stream` integration is automatically loaded by `default_config` and enabled by the `camera` platforms that support it. If `default_config` is used, no separate `configuration.yaml` entry is necessary. If `default_config` is not used, the `stream` integration can be activated with the entry below:
```

ha_domain: stream
---

> The `stream` integration provides a way to proxy live streams through Home Assistant. Most users should not need to know about it or configure anything since it is an internal component used by the [`camera`](/integrations/camera) integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `stream` integration provides a way to proxy live streams through Home Assistant. Most users should not need configure anything or interface with the component directly since it is an internal component used by the [`camera`](/integrations/camera) integration.
```

## Configuration

The `stream` component is automatically loaded by `default_config` and enabled by the `camera` platforms that support it. If `default config` is used, no separate `configuration.yaml` entry is necessary. If `default_config` is not used, the `stream` component can be activated with the entry below:

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry. There are no additional options.
stream:
```

> To do this add either [picture-entity](/lovelace/picture-entity/), [picture-glance](/lovelace/picture-glance/) or [picture-elements](/lovelace/picture-elements/), set `camera_image` to a stream-ready camera entity and set `camera_view` to `live` in one of your Lovelace views.

Reviewer: Maybe we just remove this as it should be covered in the card documentation. Also not sure it is correct - `camera_image` is not necessary at least with picture entity, and `live` is not necessary if just using the video with `more_info`.
```suggestion
```
